3.	About Us full details

IPAS Book (IB) is an accounting and ERP software developed by using artificial intelligence, that can be implemented as an on premise system, cloud based system as well as a mobile app, flexible enough to meet the requirements of small, medium and large scale business concerns. ERP is to think about all the core processes needed to run a company: Finance, HR, Manufacturing, Supply chain, Services, Procurement and others at its most basic level, and ERP integrates these processes into a single system. Most of the accounting and ERP software available in the global market are not fully error free as the software are developed by the Software Professionals and Techies and the accounting and auditing professionals are just ensuring the quality checking. The promoters M/s IPAS LLP have invested their professional knowledge and competence for structuring the software concept and conveying their concept to Software Professionals for development of accurate and error free ERP software. IPAS Book is developed in five modules based on categorising the requirements of clients into 
          1.  Financial resources planning
          2. Management resource planning
          3. Strategy setting and business modelling
          4. Data banking and investment pool 
          5. Integrating resources into market capitalization 
CORE ADVANTAGES OF IPAS BOOK
1.	Developed and designed by Chartered accountants who have an experience above 10 years and who have used more than 200 accounting and ERP software.
2.	Invested the professional knowledge and competence of Chartered Accountants to make it error free ERP software
3.	Its UI based software developed with the knowledge and professional experience of chartered accountants to make it more understandable to all type of users.


BIODATA OF THE PROMOTER
M/s IPAS LLP is an international network of a firm providing audit, tax and other advisory services to local, national and multinational organizations. M/s IPAS LLP was founded in 2016 with a panel of certified experts and we were able to establish ourselves as a distinct entity in major parts of India, Middle East and United Kingdom. M/s IPAS LLP developed unique SOP which is installed on a global basis for the competitive advantage in each engagement through business models. 
Today's business is all about the survival of the fastest and befitting with agility. We, the M/s IPAS LLP with a panel of certified experts and resident partners do help you to achieve these milestones with support of our dedicated and reliable work force. M/s IPAS LLP is a business brand that focus on Global Industries, helps you to develop a great understanding of your business or clients' businesses.
We believe we can ideally place to serve and provide the professional services as what the customer needs.


4.	About Us Timeline
2016 – Incorporation of IPAS LLP
Nov 2017 – Extended Branch to Abu Dhabi UAE
Jan 2018 – Extended Branch to KSA
March 2018 – Extended Branch to UK
May 2018 - Extended Branch to Ajman UAE
Jan 2019 - Extended Branch to BAHRAIN
Jun 2019 - Extended Branch to QATAR
JAN 2020 - Extended Branch to OMAN
MARCH 2021 - Extended Branch to KOTTAKKAL ( PARTNER SHIP WITH RASHEED ALI SHIHAD THANGAL )
